For the HUNT mode, you are showing a boss HP bar in the BOSS HUD right when the player spawns since it's on the map.  Instead in this mode, don't show those HP bars until the player is close enough to them to either see them.
I want to make a new mode called "DEFENSE".  In defense, the player is on a 16x9 map that's about the size of the default map but stretched to be shorter and wider.
The goal is to defend your "BASE" from waves and waves of increasing enemies that will eventually overwhelm and destroy the player.  The goal is to get as far as you can.
Also, make the minimap bigger. Also, you need to lower the FPS counter to under it, it's getting covered.  Also at the start of the game and always, the minimap needs to have an arrow in it pointing to where the next INTEL is.  Also, in HUNT mode don't hav the wave indicater or timer.  Instead, have a counter for number of INTEL pieces collected out of the needed 5, and an arrow in a box pointing to where the next INTEL piece is.
Also, make it so each INTEL point has a super boss that is holding the INTEL and only drops it when it dies.  So really the arrow is pointing to these super bosses.

You need to:
Modify the map system to allow this shape if it doesn't already.
Design a "base" that looks like a large sci-fi metal door/border.  So like a metal barrier for most of the height, and a door/gate in the center.  This BASE will be located on the left side of the map touching the edge of the screen.  Players will spawn slightly to the right of it.  The enemies will spawn on the right side of the map and begin walking to the left.  Pre-spawn some near the center so the first wave doesn't take too long to get there.
The enemies will generally attack the player if their are nearby instead of the base, but they are constantly moving towards the base unless they are attacking the player.  THeir objective is to kill the player (if they are in the enemy's site zone which should be the player camera view) and if they aren't they will move towards the base and attack it.  The base has a massiv amount of health (like 9999), but waves get ever increasing stronger with more health, and more difficult enemies (re-use the wave system config that already exists with the order things spawn), repeating wave 11 with the three super bosses over and over while increase all other unit type spawns until the player dies.  Start spawning N01 after wave 15 instead of after wave 11, and she spawns every five ways after wave 15.